From Yamamac@aol.com Mon Oct 16 01:19:43 1995
Received: from mail04.mail.aol.com (mail04.mail.aol.com [152.163.172.53]) by daimi.daimi.aau.dk (8.6.11/8.6.11) with ESMTP id BAA01382 for <kauboy@daimi.aau.dk>; Mon, 16 Oct 1995 01:19:39 +0100
From: Yamamac@aol.com
Received: by mail04.mail.aol.com (8.6.12/8.6.12) id UAA07639 for kauboy@daimi.aau.dk; Sun, 15 Oct 1995 20:19:03 -0400
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 1995 20:19:03 -0400
Message-ID: <951015201902_45368256@mail04.mail.aol.com>
To: kauboy@daimi.aau.dk
Subject: Dave & Trip  Report
Status: RO

I did  some minor editing on your  trip  writeup, mostly  minor  spelling
fixes:

The BIG trip


Everything started with Klaus not getting anywhere with his final paper.  He
thought: "What about taking off a 
semester?  What about visiting the US?".  He asked his brother Dirk if he
wanted to come, but Dirk said "no".
After Dirk had thought about the offer a couple of days, he decided that he
actually wanted to go, so Dirk told Klaus 
about the change of plans.
About two months before the departure date (sometime in the beginning of
February) the guys sat down and wrote a 
letter which they then posted onto the news net (rec.motorcycles and
alt.travel). The posting was called "what to see and 
what motorcycles to buy in the US". It didn't take long before tons and tons
of replies came in.  A lot of friendly people 
answered all the questions we had asked.  Most of them offered more help if
we needed it.  The conversation was started.
After a couple of letters sent back and forth people started inviting us to
visit them, if we should be near their home.
...
On March 14, 1995, their parents drove them to the train station, from where
they would take the train to Hamburg, 
Germany. The next day they would take the plane from Fulsbuettel/Hamburg via
Heathrow/London to Dulles/
Washington D.C. There they were picked up by a guy (David Lee) they had met
on the internet about a week before 
their departure.  It would turn out that Dave's address would be their
American headquarters.
When they had bought the bikes, the trouble started. To get temporary tags
from the dealer, they had to have insurance. To get insurance they had to
have a local (Virginia) driver's license.  To get driver's license they had
to take first a written test, 
and later a road test, where they had to show up with their motorcycles.  But
how were they supposed to 
show up with their motorcycles if the dealer wouldn't give them the temporary
tags?
Then they found out that they couldn't even take the written test, because
they had a tourist visa and not a 
student visa.  So what now?  They phoned some insurance companys and told
them their problem, until they 
found a company who was willing to insure them.  The prices were of course
twice the "ordinary" rates, :-( but what else could they do?
With the insurance in their pocket they went to the dealer and got their
temporary tags.  Next stop:  the DMV to get a "real" 
license plate.
Now they were ready to HIT THE ROAD.
Their first trip was a one-day trip to West Virginia and back again.  Just to
get to know their bikes better, and of course 
for pleasure.  With them came Dave and one of his friends (Andy).  Dave &
Andy showed them some GREAT roads.
The time for their departure for the big tour was getting nearer and on the
22nd of March, they where ready to go.
The first day was horrible.  Klaus ran out of gas, because his fuel warning
light didn't work.  After having ridden the Skyline 
Drive and headed for Chapel Hill (their next overnight stay) they were pulled
over by the police for SPEEDING :-( Klaus 
told the police officer that we had just started our trip and that we still
hadn't adjusted to the miles, since they were 
nused to calculating in kilometers.  The officer understood ( :-D and let
them go.   But the day wasn't over yet!  Eight 
o'clock in the evening, just after they had filled up their bikes, Klaus saw
that his bike had a flat tire. What now? 
Luckily the person at the gas station knew somebody who could fix the tire,
but when would he be done, and could 
we get to Chapel Hill before too late?  We got to our destination shortly
before midnight  - totally bushed.
But having a start like that also has some positive sides: IT COULD ONLY GET
BETTER.
And it did!
After Chapel Hill our next stop was Atlanta, our first big city with a "real"
(compared to D.C.) skyline. It was breath 
taking. The sun was just setting as we drove downtown. The skyline looked as
if it was glowing, everything had a 
redish touch.
Todd, the guy we would stay at for the night, had some of his friends over.
 All were at least 6'3 in heigth and 6'3 in width 
(no offense).  Just typical footballplayers :-)  Even before we had entered
Todd's appartment (36th floor, downtown 
Atlanta) we had a beer in our hands. Todd was going on a world- tour himself,
so his buddys had helped him move 
his stuff that day.  Later that night, after a pizza and a couple of beer's,
we went out, which didn't make us any more sober 
:).
The next morning when we woke up, breakfast was waiting for us.  McDonalds
had made coffee (not too hot :), 
hashbrowns and some muffins;  mmmh, great with a hangover.  As it turned out,
this was the first and only time we 
had fast food for breakfast.
That day we took a look at Atlanta's sights. In the afternoon, when we came
back, we had to find another place to stay, 
since Todd and his wife Karen (way to go Todd :) were going to Toronto.  So
we went to one of Todd's students: Bill 
Neus!
As we drove into the street, we saw some guys dancing, a beer in one hand
(seems to be a Atlantan tradition) 
and the beat of the music in the other.  Just as the day before, our hosts
were unbelievably open and friendly.  These guys really showed us how to
party.  At night we went to this "dance bar" called Baja (pronounced baha) 
where the female employees wear bikinis.  And boy did they have a body.
 Definitely a place we can recommend :) 
All in all Atlanta (or Hotlanta as we call it) showed us how you live the
life of a college football player-student in the US: PARTY! 
P-A-R-T-why? - 'cause we gotta.
We were now heading for Florida, where we first would take a look at Orlando
(Disney World, Universal) and then 
head for Miami to visit a friend from Germany.  On the way to Miami we took a
quick look at Cape Canaveral.
In Miami (Key Biscane) we stayed a few days. It was a great base of
operations from where you could do some daytrips. For 
example, Everglades or Key West (two daytrip). The beaches though, were the
main attraction. 
Hooters (?)
Key West sunset's are unbelievably beautiful. We understand why Hemmingway
liked this place so much. It's unique. 
Another thing one has to do is go snorkeling.  It's amazing how colorful fish
can be. And so many different kinds.

From Yamamac@aol.com Mon Oct 16 04:03:58 1995
Received: from mail02.mail.aol.com (mail02.mail.aol.com [152.163.172.66]) by daimi.daimi.aau.dk (8.6.11/8.6.11) with ESMTP id EAA02407 for <kauboy@daimi.aau.dk>; Mon, 16 Oct 1995 04:03:54 +0100
From: Yamamac@aol.com
Received: by mail02.mail.aol.com (8.6.12/8.6.12) id XAA12848 for kauboy@daimi.aau.dk; Sun, 15 Oct 1995 23:03:21 -0400
Date: Sun, 15 Oct 1995 23:03:21 -0400
Message-ID: <951015230300_45501721@mail02.mail.aol.com>
To: kauboy@daimi.aau.dk
Subject: Dave - More edits
Status: RO

I did some more minor edits on your "Places to See" page.  Again, mostly
minor spelling and gramatical stuff:


What to see in the USA
Places to visit
Roadlist

Places to visit 
Before we left Denmark we had put a  note  out on several newsgroups asking
what people thought would be the  most important places to visit  in the US. 
After 34,000 kilometers (21,000 miles) we have seen a lot of the US.  By far
not everything, but a lot. Here are our own personal favorites: 

National parks and more 

Washington DC

All museums in Washington are free - that's important for the budget
traveler, because otherwise he would go broke. Washington DC has an enormous
amount of museums and most are located near "The Mall" (central Washington
DC).  Many of them belong to what is called the Smithsonian Institution (Air
and Space, National History, Natural History, several art galleries, Science
and Industry, National Archives).  Others are run by the National Park
Service (Washington monument, Lincoln memorial, Vietnam veteran memorial,
Jefferson memorial, Arlington cemetery, Ford's Theater), or have their own
management and operation (White House, Capitol, Library of Congress, Supreme
Court).   Other very popular tours (make reservations or come very early in
the morning, if possible) are the FBI Building and the Bureau of Printing and
Engraving.  The "student-quarter" (around Geoerge Washington University and
nearby Geoergetown Univeristy) is also said to be very interesting.  A
convenient place to rest and have lunch is the Old Post Office Pavillion,
just north of the Mall.

Shenandoah National Park

Skyline Drive
This is essentially a northern extension (through Shenandoah NP) of the
beautiful Blue Ridge Parkway.  It avoids all towns and developed areas,
following the crest of the Blue Ridge mountains through northern Virginia.
 In central Virginia it becomes the Blue Ridge Parkway, continuing down to
the Smokey Mountains in western North Carolina.  A twisty two-laner, it's a
great ride, especially in spring and fall.  

Atlanta (also called "Hotlanta").  Hometown of Coca-Cola.  Visit the "World
of Coca-Cola pavillion" and Atlanta Underground right next to it with it's
hundreds of small shops and booths that sell all kinds of souvenirs to stupid
tourists. 

Orlando Disney-paradise. We found the Universal Studios ($27 with student ID)
to be the most 
interesting place to visit. Disney's Epcot Center  ($32) is also very nice,
especially the "Honey I shrunk the audience" show (worth standing in line for
probably hours!) 

Cape Canaveral
If you're lucky, you can watch a Space Shuttles launch. Call (555)555-5555
for schedule. Entrance $7(?) 

Miami

Take a walk at the Riverside Mall and get Chicken Wings at Hooters where the
waitresses are 
gorgous - find out yourself, ask for Kathleen . Miami beach has also some
"nice sights" like e.g. 
the Art Deco quarter. 

Everglades NP  
If you are in an urge to see alligators, this is the place to be.  Take an
airboat ride and get an 
impression of how huge this river - yes, the Everglades is not a swamp, but a
river (defined by 
water that is in movement) - is. 

Key West  
Great place. Make sure you see the sunset from the pier ... and enjoy the
street artists that try to seperate you from your money. A snorkeling trip is
definitely worth the money. A boat will take you out to one of the various
reefs and provide all the necessary snorkeling gear. Buy one of those "single
use" Kodak underwater cameras ($6-$8 - I think it's worth it). You will see
unbelievable numbers of fish with color combinations that are hard to imagine
- it's awesome.
 
Panama City & Pensacola beach  
Wonderful beaches. Definitely among the absolute best beaches we have been to
(and we have 
also been to Hawaii!). The sand is incredibly white and fine-grained.  Lots
of young, often  very  good-looking people, especially during spring break in
mid- to late March. 

New Orleans  
Crazy city. I guess this is the city with the highest crime-rate in the US.
Lots and lots of bad 
neighbourhoods!  But if you like partying all night you wanna live here
(check out the old French Quarter). Very alternative place. 
If you're not pierced, tatooed or have a funny looking haircut, you're going
to draw peoples' 
attention. A Steamboat tour on the Mississippi River is also worthwhile.

Dallas
Beautiful skyline.  See the infamous "grassy knoll" and the very informative
Kennedy museum on the sixth floor of the Texas Schoolbook Repository and
learn about the Kennedy assassination. 

Monahans sand dunes  
A real desert in a desert. We always imagined deserts as something similar to
the Sahara. 
The Monahans sand dunes are a realization of that dream (most American
deserts are "high desert",  just bleak, semi-arid land with lots of sage
bushes, creosote, yuccas, occasional small, scraggly trees, cactus and other
similar vegetation). 

Carlsbad Caverns NP 
HUGE caverns, lot's of stalactites and stalagmites in all different sizes and
colors. Especially 
interesting place at dusk during summertime - when millions and millions of
bats fly out of 
the cave looking for food. 

White Sands, NM  
When you get there you'll know why it's called White Sands - very descriptive
name.  The "sand" is actually powdered gypsum and blindingly white.  Great
place to take pictures of your motorcycle or any other item that is important
to you...bla bla bla 

El Paso, TX 
Pretty ugly city.  Probably because it's a bordertown (together with
Juarez/Mexico). Tony Lama (some of the best cowboyboots) is located in this
town and has an outlet store where we got two very nice pairs of boots for
$50 each instead of $180 regular price. 

City of Rocks, NM  
Our plan was just to pass through, but we loved it so much that we stayed
over night. We spent the entire evening climbing around these funny looking
rock formations. Great place for 
pictures. 

Route 193, AZ, "Devils Highway" (earlier Rt. 666)
100 miles of switchbacks and tight curves through rugged mountains.

Tombstone, AZ  
Very "touristy", but fun to visit anyway.  Make sure you go to Boothill (the
old graveyard), and see headstones engraved with sayings like "Here lies ...
hanged by mistake.  He was right, we were wrong, but we strung him up, and
now he's gone".  This is the town where the famous Doc Holliday, Wyatt Earp
and his two brothers had the shootout at the OK Corral with the Clanton gang.
 The Clanton brothers are also buried at Boothill. 

Tucson, AZ
University town. Lot's of young people & real cowboys with real cowboy hats,
jeans and boots.
 
Red Rocks/Sedona, AZ

Grand Canyon NP 
An absolute must see. Don't miss taking a hike down to the bottom and take a
swim in the ice cold Colorado river after this strenuous hike.  It is not
advised to do the return trip to the rim on the same day.  Get a mandatory
permit at the backcountry office (it is highly recommended to make
reservations as early as possible, call (555) 555-5555).  Allow 4-5 hours to
hike down, stay at the Bright Angel Campground and take a different trail
back to the rim the following day.  Expect to use about 5-10 hours on the
return trip.  Don't take too much luggage with you.  We carried only water,
sleeping bags, camera and some food with us. If I had to do the trip again, I
would leave the sleeping bags at home - it is about 30 degrees warmer at the
bottom of the Canyon.  I would love to sleep without a blanket on a picnic
table for just one night and in return not have to carry a lot of extra
weight all the way down to the Colorado river and up again. 

Bryce Canyon NP

Zion NP 

Las Vegas
Amazing place. If you like gambling, this, of course, is mecca.  Get hold of
the various "game-
books" where you get a lot of freebies and discounts. If you are going to
play Black Jack (the game where you got the best odds against the house - my
favourite game) and you don't want to lose too much money far too fast,
memorize the BJ-table or play a bit with virtual money before you enter the
real world. 

Death Valley
We caught it during a very cold period - which means about 85 degrees.
Normaly it's a lot 
warmer.  120 degrees is not unusual during summer. All four tires on a
friend's car blew because of the heat!  Some great straight roads where you
can find out how fast your motorcycle runs. 

Los Angeles
Ugly town - sorry L.A. people - but lot's of stuff to do.  Downtown there is
the courthouse where the O.J. Simpson trial is going on right now. ... Venice
beach. Disneyland - the original one.  Don't expect thrilling rides, because
they haven't got them.  Rather boring for the not-youngsters. Six Flags is
said to be a lot better (in rides), BUT ... the parade is worth all the
money.

Hollywood 
Mann's Chinese Theatre, Walk of Fame, Hollywood sign, Beverly Hills, Santa
Monica Boulevard. 

Route 1/101 Pacific Coast Highway
Awsome road - definitely among the best in the US.  Runs along the California
coast from near Lompoc in the south to Eureka in the north.  Very twisty.
 Not everybody is as lucky as I was, when I found a Porsche 911 to race.
GREAT, expecially because he seemed to know the route.  Do you remember the
game Test-drive? That's excactly what it was like. Beautiful views. 

Carmel/Monterey
San Francisco
Hawaii 
Yosemite
Redwoods
Seattle 
Olympic pisninsula
Glacier NP
Rolling Hills/MN
Yellowstone/Grand Tetons
Salt Lake City
Capitol Reef
Natural Bridges NM
Arches NP
Dead Horse Point & Canyonlands NP 
Newspaper Rock
Mexican Hat
Monument valley

Four corners
Tourist trap to the third. You actually pay to get in to the only point in
the US where you can 
stand in four different states at one time (it's on an Indian reservation).

Mesa Verde
$1,000,000 Highway
Black Canyon NP
Crested Butte
Aspen 
Whitewater rafting in Browns canyon
St. Elmo 
Mt. Evans & Pikes Peak
Rocky Mountains NP
Scottsbluff
Carhenge
Mammoth site
Hotsprings 
Crazy Horse & Mt. Rushmore
Devils Tower
Deadwood
Go go-cart racing all day!!! 
Badlands
Only to be seen during sunset or sunrise! 
Wal-Mart
Devils Gulch
Chicago Wrigley field, Sears tower - world's largest, Merchantile exchange
market, Buckingham fountain, 
Pizza Uno, McDonnalds in 60-style. 
Amish Acres
Punxsutawney
Finger Lakes
Ithaca, Cornell 
Niagara falls
Toronto Skydome, CN tower, 
Adirondack NP
Lake Placid 
Ben & Jerry's
Mt. Washington
Easternmost point of the US
Bar Harbor
Freeport 
Boston 
New York
Hershey 

Roadlist 
Roads 
1. Pacific Coast Highway 101/1 (7) 
2. East coast cruise (South Carolina -> Maine; New Hampsire; Vermont) (2) 
3. Route 66, Cabot Trail (Canada, Nova Scotia), Trans-Canada Highway,
Beartooth highway 
(Yellowstone -> Montannay), Road: Fort Collins Colorado -> Rabbit Ears pass,
Independence Pass in 
Aspen (Colorado), California route 89 (Yosemite -> Oregon), Interstate
Highway 10 (West Texas -> El 
Paso -> New Mexico) (1) 
Route 193 (or whatever) - devils highway, earlier 666 - nothing but turns for
almost 100 miles!
General hints: See the National Parks (in the west) at sunset or sunrise -
the colors turn out a LOT better. 
Always start by going to the local tourist information. They will happily
provide maps and other kinds of 
information you might need. Gambling: Biloxi/MS, Nevada, Black Hawk & Central
City/CO, Deadwood/
SD, Atlantic City/NJ, Boat casinos in New Orleans and Chicago ...?  

DL additions:
- Southern Utah loop (Bryce -> Escalante -> Capitol Reef -> Hanksville ->
Natural Bridges -> Moki-Dougway -> Monument Valley -> Arches -> Dead Horse
Point -> Canyonlands)
- Road to Mt. St. Helens (on a dry day)
- Road through Flaming Gorge and Uintah Mts.
- Mt. Ranier/Paradise (did you go there?)
- Trail Ridge Road, CO
- Million Dollar Highway (when it's not snowing)
- Going to the Sun Rd, Glacier NP
- Lolo Pass Rd., Montana

Later, 
Dave

